[DOCS-1700] add new prometheus metrics collection method (#9870)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/prometheus.md

    {{< img src="integrations/guide/prometheus_kubernetes/prometheus_collected_metric_kubernetes.png" alt="Prometheus metric collected kubernetes">}}

## Metric collection with Prometheus annotations

With Prometheus Autodiscovery, the Datadog Agent is able to detect native Prometheus annotations (for example: `prometheus.io/scrape`, `prometheus.io/path`, `prometheus.io/port`) and schedule OpenMetrics checks automatically to collect Prometheus metrics in Kubernetes.

### Requirements

> - Datadog Agent 7 or 6.26+ (for Pod checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Datadog Agent v7 or v6.26+ (for Pod checks)
```

> - Datadog Cluster Agent 1.11+ (for service and endpoint checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Datadog Cluster Agent v1.11+ (for service and endpoint checks)
```
